Add section on cluster routing capability (#13)
neo4j/docs-http-api: modules/ROOT/pages/actions/routing.adoc

:description: HTTP API Routing.

[[http-api-actions-cluster-routing]]
= Clusters and Routing

> The Cypher Transactional API provides a limited level of support for query routing. The level of support depends on whether Server-side Routing has been enabled. See (`dbms.routing.enabled=true` [link to https://neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/clustering/internals/#clustering-routing)].

Reviewer: New sentence = new line

== Server-side Routing Disabled

Clusters support read-only queries.

== Server-side Routing Enabled

> Clusters support routing for queries that involve a xref::/actions/begin-and-commit-a-transaction-in-one-request.adoc[single request] (i.e. via the `tx/commit` endpoint). This is because the cluster does not currently support transaction identifiers across the cluster.

Reviewer: Same here, new sentence = new line

> In this context, all queries are considered `WRITE` queries even if they contain no cypher with write operations. Since the HTTP API did not previously support marking queries as `READ` or `WRITE`, the server assumes all queries are `WRITE` queries to support all cases. The effect of this is that all queries are ultimately executed on the leader.

Reviewer: As above

:description: HTTP API Routing.

[[http-api-actions-cluster-routing]]
= Clusters and Routing

The Cypher Transactional API provides a limited level of support for query routing.

> The level of support depends on whether xref:4.4-preview@operations-manual:ROOT:clustering/internals.adoc#causal-clustering-routing[Server-side Routing]  has been enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The level of support depends on whether link:https://neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/clustering/internals/#clustering-routing[Server-side Routing] has been enabled.
```

Reviewer: This is how we link elsewhere between the manuals. Also, using `4.4-preview` will probably not work once 4.4 is released.
